index.md, before:

# Welcome, fellow degenerate
Made this page so that we can create a more custom experience for our league. In the future, I hope to add in more league based stats and leaderboards.

Stay tuned, always happy to hear what you guys think.


<br>
<br>


## 2020 LGED Season 3: Writeups
### [Week 1: COVID Ain't Stopping Us](./2020_writeups/week1_writeup_2020.md)

### [Week 2: Injuries Creep in, Streaks Begin](./2020_writeups/week2_writeup_2020.md)

### [Week 3: All the Action on Monday Night Football](./2020_writeups/2020_week3_writeup.md)

### [Week 4: COVID has Entered the League](./2020_writeups/2020_week4_writeup.md)

### [Week 5: One Undefeated Team Remains and Everybody has a Win](./2020_writeups/2020_week5_writeup.md)

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>



## League Leaderboards


|    GM     | # Scoring Champion | # Got Roasted |
|:---------:|:------------------:|:-------------:|
| Kai       |                    |               |
| Andrew    |         2          |               |
| Eugene    |         2          |               |
| Mike      |         1          |               |
| Junghwan  |                    |       1       |
| Matt      |                    |               |
| Anil      |                    |               |
| Miles     |                    |       1       |
| Danny     |                    |               |
| Connor    |                    |       1       |
| Kyle      |                    |               |
| Zach      |                    |       2       |

|Season Record Holders|||
|:-----------:|:------------------:|:--------------|
|Highest Champ|       Andrew       |     153.5     |
|Lowest  Champ|      Junghwan      |     66.48     |

Commit message:

update for week 6 writeup and leaderboards

index.md, after:

# Welcome, fellow degenerate
Made this page so that we can create a more custom experience for our league. In the future, I hope to add in more league based stats and leaderboards.

Stay tuned, always happy to hear what you guys think.


<br>
<br>


## 2020 LGED Season 3: Writeups
### [Week 1: COVID Ain't Stopping Us](./2020_writeups/week1_writeup_2020.md)

### [Week 2: Injuries Creep in, Streaks Begin](./2020_writeups/week2_writeup_2020.md)

### [Week 3: All the Action on Monday Night Football](./2020_writeups/2020_week3_writeup.md)

### [Week 4: COVID has Entered the League](./2020_writeups/2020_week4_writeup.md)

### [Week 5: One Undefeated Team Remains and Everybody has a Win](./2020_writeups/2020_week5_writeup.md)

### [Week 6: The Founding of Club 4 - 2](./2020_writeups/2020_week6_writeup.md)

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>



## League Leaderboards


|    GM     | # Scoring Champion | # Got Roasted |
|:---------:|:------------------:|:-------------:|
| Kai       |                    |               |
| Andrew    |         2          |               |
| Eugene    |         2          |               |
| Mike      |         1          |               |
| Junghwan  |                    |       1       |
| Matt      |                    |               |
| Anil      |         1          |               |
| Miles     |                    |       1       |
| Danny     |                    |               |
| Connor    |                    |       2       |
| Kyle      |                    |               |
| Zach      |                    |       2       |

|Season Record Holders|||
|:-----------:|:------------------:|:--------------|
|Highest Champ|       Andrew       |     153.5     |
|Lowest  Champ|      Connor        |     59.04     |
